This example shows how you can bind dynamic content to the real world and persist them between device reboots and lost headposes.
The dynamic content are represented by orange spheres with blue interiors. After you have localized, they are created by bumper press and restored at application start up and new headpose. If it fails to be created or restored, it destroys itself and will not be restored again.

Before running the example, wait for the device to properly map your surroundings.

The origin is represented by a box with an animated axis inside. This is where you had last regained headpose.
This could be where your device booted or where you started a new session after losing headpose.

When the visualizer is on, PCFs are shown and indicated by a small red-green-blue coordinate axes with a status text below it. These visualizers are initialized when PCFs are successfully queried from the underlying system.
On your first run, there is nothing to restore and show.
Pressing the bumper would add new spheres and bind it to the closest PCF.

A PCF status of:

        - "Created" means the PCF loaded properly and its transform is reliable.

        - "Lost" means that the PCF's transform is no longer reliable. This can occur when you lose headpose.

        - "Regained" means that the PCF used to be "Lost" and has now found been restored to its original world location and orientation.

        - "Updated" means the PCF's transform has been changed (relative to the origin but still respects the position and orientation in the real world) and is reliable.

Notes:
(1) Although this example lets you create as many objects as you like, the cost of saving an association between a persistent virtual object and neighboring PCF is not small.
It's recommended that you do this for a few "anchor" objects in your scene and put most of the other objects under it.

(2) One side effect of having large quantities of persistent content is the loading time at the beginning.

(3) PCFs are generated by the underlying system while mapping out your surroundings.

PCFs cannot be created or destroyed by the app.
These coordinates frames will remain in the same location and position in the real world and will persist between reboots.

(4) The Balls are NOT the PCFs, they're the persistent content attached to a PCF.

<color=#dbfb76><b>Privileges</b></color>
- ControllerPose
- PcfRead
